>> IT'S BEEN A ROUGH SIX WEEKS
FOR KEN ROGOFF AND CARMEN
REINHART, OVER RESEARCH OVER THE
RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN DEBT AND
GROW.
THEIR RESEARCH HAS BEEN UNDER
FIRE BY ECONOMIST PAUL KRUGMAN.
OVER THE WEEKEND, THEY WROTE
THIS ON THEIR WEBSITE IN
RESPONSE TO PAUL KRUGMAN.
YESTERDAY, I SPOKE WITH CARMEN
REINHARD'S HUSBAND VINCENT
REINHART.
HE TOOK A DRAMATIC APPROACH TO
SHUTTING DOWN THE DEBATE.
>> I READ TODAY ROUTE ALLR THE
WALL WEEKS AGO.
IT HAS BEEN HARD.
YOU HAVE TO STEP BACK AND LOOK
AT THE BIG PICTURE.
WE DID A FOLLOW-UP TO THIS PAPER
TO LOOK IN MORE DETAIL.
THEY RECOGNIZE IT WAS JUST A
FIRST PASS AND WE GOT THE SAME
RESULTS.
>> THOSE ARE SOME FIGHTING WORDS
FROM VINCE REINHARD TO NOTICE
THAT WILL STOP THE DEBATE.
TALKING ABOUT DEBATING, $13
BILLION IS THE TEST OF MOTORS
TOTAL MARKET VALUE.
THEY WENT ABOVE $100 PER SHARE
MAKING IT WORTH MORE THAN
COMPANIES LIKE NETFLIX.
DOES THE ELECTRIC CAR MAKER
REALLY MERIT TO THIS EVALUATION?
ANDREA JAMES IS THE SENIOR
RESEARCH ANALYST AT DOROTHY AND
COMPANY.
ALSO FUND MANAGER MARK TRAVIS IS
WITH THOSE WHO SHORTED THE STOCK
UNTIL IT HIT $40 PER SHARE AND
THANKS IS WAY OVERVALUED.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR JOINING
US.
LET'S TAKE A SHORT CASE.
YOU SAY IT HAS BEEN INCREDIBLE
AND PUZZLING TO SEE THE STOCK GO
UP.
HOW MUCH IS SHORT COVERING GOING
ON?
>> IT REMINDS ME OF THE LAST
PARTY LIKE IT IS 1999.
WHEN YOU'VE GOT 1/3 OF THOSE
SHARES SOLD SHORT, IT DOES NOT
TAKE MUCH ACTIVITY ON THAT SIDE
OF THE SHARES BEFORE PEOPLE
DECIDE THEY WANT TO COVER.
THIS MAY BE ONE OF THE BEST
SHORT COVER RALLIES OF ALL TIME
TO TAKE THE MARKET CAP OF A
BUSINESS THAT IS LOSING MONEY ON
AN OPERATING BASIS UP 10 TIMES
IN FOUR YEARS.
SO FAR, ANDREA HAS BEEN RIGHT.
>> YOU HAD A $90 PRICE TARGET
AND THE STOCK IS NOW ABOVE THAT?
>> IT SURE IS, IT GOT THERE
PRETTY QUICKLY.
THE THING THAT HAS CHANGED WHEN
INTESA WAS A $30 STOCK TO TODAY,
IT IS NOT WHAT THE END OF MARKET
POTENTIAL IS OR THE ENGINEERING
PROWESS.
WHAT IS CHANGED IS HOW QUICKLY
PEOPLE ARE GETTING IT.
YOU HAVE TO DRIVE THE CAR, MARK.
>> I UNDERSTAND, I DON'T KNOW
WHERE I WILL PLUG IT IN.
MAYBE AROUND SILICON VALLEY
COULD DO THAT BUT IN NORTHEAST
FLORIDA, THERE IS NO PLACE.
>> THERE ARE PLENTY OF PLACES
TO CHARGES IN FLORIDA.
TEST OF WILL BE BUILDING
CHARGING STATIONS BUT THE BEST
PLACES YOUR OWN GARAGE.
>> IT WILL BRING DOWN MY GRID,.
>> WE WERE LOOKING AT SHARES AND
SOME OF THE NUMBERS AROUND
TESLA.
IT IS AT 1100 * P/E.
THAT IS ASTRONOMICAL.
HOW CAN THAT BE JUSTIFIED?
>> IN 2007--- 2010-2011, A TEST
OF WAS TRADING AT THE WHAT THE
COMPANY COULD DO IN THE FUTURE.
IT IS TRADING ON POTENTIAL
EARNINGS.
IF THEY MAX OUT THE FACTORY,
500,000 VEHICLES PER YEAR, IT IS
A $300 STOCK.
TESLA IS TRADING ON WHAT THEY
CAN DO IN THE FUTURE.
THAT GOT A FACTORY THAT CAN DO
ABOUT $20 BILLION IN REVENUE AND
$2 BILLION IN NET INCOME.
THAT IS ABOUT 14-$15 PER SHARE.
THERE'S STILL ROOM FOR IT TO GO.
>> I HAVE SOME SWAMP IN FLORIDA
I WANT TO SELL YOU.
>> HAVE TO DRIVE THE CAR.
CONSUMER REPORTS SAYS IT AS
WELL.
>> YOU'VE GOT A BUSINESS THAT
LOST TWICE AS MUCH MONEY AS IT
DID FOUR YEARS AGO ON AN
OPERATING BASIS, OVER $300
MILLION AND IT HAS 2.5 IS --
TIMES AS MANY SHARES.
I COULD WALLPAPER A NEW BATHROOM
WITH THOSE SHARES.
>> AMAZON DOT COM LOST MONEY IN
THE BEGINNING AS WELL.
I THINK YOU COULD SAY AMAZON HAS
BEEN A PRETTY GOOD COMPANY AND A
PRETTY GOOD STOCK.
>> I WAS GOING TO PLAY FOR YOU A
SOUND BUY FROM ELON MUSK WHERE
HE TALKS ABOUT THE NEXT
GENERATION.
HE SAYS HE EVENTUALLY, HE WANTS
TO SELL CARS AT 30-$40,000?
IS THAT A PIPE DREAM?
>> THEY COULD NOT EVEN SELL ITS
CHEVY VOLTS.
THEY QUIT PRODUCTION OF THAT
ABOUT THE SHABBY VOLY WAS GOING
AGAINST A CHEAPER CAR.
BECAUSE THERE IS BATTERY
TECHNOLOGY THAT IS FIVE TESTING
IS THAT OF THE COMPETITION, THE
TESLA'S SELLS WELL AGAINST ITS
PEERS MEANING WHAT YOU PAY FOR,
YOU GET A GOOD CAR.
>> WE SOLD 26,000 PORSCHE 911'S
THE PAST YEAR.
THEY ARE NOT GOING TO SELL
20,000 CARS THIS YEAR.
>> 2% MARKET SHARE IS ALL TESTS
PASSED TO GET.
I WOULD NOT BET THAT THEY COULD
NOT DO THAT.
>> THANK YOU FOR JOINING US.
WE WILL BE BACK IN A FEW
MINUTES.